[dramatic music]
[wind howls]
[thunder]
-[thunder rumbles]
-[wind howls]
[thunder rolls]
[distorted radio]
[man 1] Mayday, mayday...
-[radio distorts]
-Do you copy?
Mayday, this is Tranquility...
-[radio distortion]
-Do you copy?
[man 2] This is Nassau Coast Guard.
What's your emergency? Over.
[man 1] We're sinking!
[man 2] Okay, sir, remain calm.
We need your coordinates. Over.
[distorted speech on radio]
[wind howls]
Sir, can you repeat that? Over.
-[wind howls]
-[heavy rain]
Please repeat your coordinates. Over.
Tranquility, we need
your coordinates. Over.
[indistinct shouting on radio]
How many are you? Over.
[man 1] Three. My daughter,
Naomi, she... she's eight.
-[wind howls]
-[heavy rain]
We're drifting...
Wait, where's Naomi?
Naomi! Naomi!
[Naomi] Papa!
[coughing and crying]
[crying]
Papa!
[waves roar]
Help!
Papa!
-[wind howls]
-[sea rages]
[ethereal music]
-[wind howls]
-[loud rain]
[bubbling]
[light music]
[Naomi] Wow, look at this!
[breathing]
It's spectacular down here,
isn't it?
[bubbling]
[Naomi] Welcome to my happy place.
You take the lead from here.
[breathing through air tank]
[Naomi] Look at this, the shrimp and crabs
all feed on this algae.
Don't worry,
I'm following, I'm here.
[dramatic music]
Hey, why don't we take a selfie
for your mom?
[Naomi] You're a great photographer,
take a photo of me here.
This is amazing.
Hey, sis! [laughs]
Wish you were here!
[panicking]
Okay, it's not going to hurt us.
The sound of breathing
attracts them, okay?
You try this time.
Be firm, but gentle, okay?
No sudden movements now.
Ready?
Whoa!
Ha!
[triumphant music]
Well, I'm sure we can
accommodate that, Mr. Margisson.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Look, why don't I call you back
when I'm with my partner.
Ah, she's not available right now,
but, uh, I'll be with her shortly.
Great, okay.
Thank you so much.
[splash of water]
Whoa!
That was awesome!
[coughs]
[Naomi] Can't wait to tell your mom.
My nephew, the shark wrangler!
[Barny] That was so cool!
That was a reef shark, right?
[Naomi] Yeah.
[Barny] And he really loved
the bubbles.
It's not the bubbles, remember,
it's the sound they make.
I wanna see you do that
with a tiger shark!
You wanna see me end up
as lunch? Huh?
Hmm. Okay!
Right, my two lovelies,
we have a flight to catch.
Can we do one last dive?
Uh-uh. We have to go.
[Jackson] That was the Margissons
on the phone.
They wanna confirm their booking
for next week.
[Naomi] Oh, cool.
So that gives me four days
to leisurely sail back home
to you guys.
Also, Naomi, I need to put
a deposit down
on that apartment we looked at.
The one we loved.
Can we delay that?
I mean... I still need to
think about it.
[Naomi] Come on then, let's get you guys
on that flight.
[upbeat music]
-[Jackson] Be with you in a sec! I know.
-[pilot] Come on, man!
I know! One minute.
See you in four days.
Yeah, I'll get the Margissons
from the airport. Please be on time.
When have I ever not
been reliable?
Mwah... I'll see you soon.
Don't have too much fun
without me.
-Never.
-[Naomi] Barny! Hug!
-Love you.
-Love you too.
We have to go now!
-[footsteps]
-[seagulls cry]
You cut it too close my friend.
You're gonna run me out of business.
Next time, I'm gonna charge you.
What happened to island time?
Yeah, get in before
I change my mind!
[light guitar music]
[propeller hums]
[engine louder, blades chop air]
[reggae style music]
[seagulls cry]
[waves crash]
[reggae music]
[chatter, laughter]
[bar chatter]
Cheers.
Hold on, is that what
I think it is?
Mmm-hmm.
Oh my god, he finally popped
the question!
He's been asking for a while
and I finally said yes.
I'm so sorry. Condolences.
[scoffs] I remember what it was like
to be young, free and single.
It's not all it's cracked
up to be.
Why are you talking
like an old lady?
As I remember, it had
its moments.
-[giggling]
-[clink of glasses]
You know, it's not that I wanna
be single again. Um...
So what, you just wanna go sailing
round and round the islands?
I can think of worse ways
to spend the rest of my life.
The real question is,
do you wanna do that all alone,
or with Jackson?
You know you can
trust him, Naomi.
He'll never let you down.
[bottle cap pops]
What is wrong with me?
Why is it so hard for me
to commit to the man I love?
Don't sweat it. It took me a while
but that moment of clarity will come
when it's best for you to move
forward with your life.
I hope so.
No, I'm leaving early tomorrow.
I should get some sleep.
Okay.
Call me as soon as you're back.
Soon as.
-Love you. Thank you.
-Aww... You're welcome.
[beads clack]
[somber music]
[fiercely flowing water]
[loud water]
[cellphone buzzing]
Hi.
[Jackson] Hi.
[Naomi] How was your flight?
I mean, it's Diddle Bay Airlines.
As long as you get there in one piece.
Mmm.
Ah, just so you know,
the Margissons' deposit came in,
so the charter next week is a go.
Okay.
When are you leaving?
As soon as I've had a coffee.
[clears throat]
Is everything alright there?
Yeah, I'll see you on Monday.
Oh...
Christ, I'm an idiot.
It's the anniversary of
the death of both of her parents.
[sighs]
I completely forgot.
Such a dumbass.
You should call her back.
That'll just make it worse.
Just text her back,
"Whatever I said,
whatever I did,
I didn't mean it.
I want you back for good."
[laughs]
Are you trying to help me
with my love life
by quoting "Take That?"
[yacht engine hums]
[passionate music]
[wind billows in sail]
[rope tightening]
[rope tensioner clicks]
[birds cry out]
So let me get this straight, you think
Man U are gonna lose this one, right?
I'm telling you. I have a real
feeling about this one.
[laughs] You're mad.
[TV commentators in background]
Jack. Come take a look at this.
[thud on table]
There's Naomi's course.
And that's where the weather
system is heading.
[Jackson] Yeah.
I'll call her?
Sure.
[boat carves through waves]
[Barny] Serenity, do you copy?
Naomi, do you copy?
-[radio beeps]
-This is Serenity. Over.
There's a squall that's moving
West/North-West at 20 knots.
It's predicted to intersect with you
just North of Martinique. Over.
I picked that up too.
Thank you Barny.
I'm changing course to avoid.
You know, maybe you should anchor
at Dominica until it passes. Over.
Yeah, so I could be stuck there
for three or four days.
Do you really wanna babysit
the Margissons?
No, thank you. Over.
I'm heading Lat...
Fourteen... 14.7214, Long 63.0...
...281. I'll keep the squall
North of me. [radio beeps]
Uh, hang on, that takes you out
of shipping lanes
and into dead water. Over.
[radio beeps]
I know. But, um,
I've got this Jackson.
-[emotional music]
-I know you do...
Look, I'm sorry I forgot about
the anniversary yesterday. Over.
Yeah, let's not...
talk about this now.
Sorry. Over.
But I appreciate it.
Thank you. Over.
[waves crash]
[rope tensioner clicks]
[thunder rolls]
[wind howls]
-[lid slams]
-[tensioner clicks]
[thunder rolls]
[waves crash]
[storm rages]
[calm music]
[wind blows]
[wind gusts]
[suspenseful music]
Hey! Help! Aah!
Help us!
[shouting]
Jackson. Come in. Over.
[radio beeps] Jackson...
Where are you? Over.
I'm here. Over.
I pulled out of the path of the storm
and I'm currently spotting two people
holding onto wreckage. Over.
No good, Jack.
The storm is going that way.
Naomi, you need to be further South
or you'll definitely
get hit by the tail end
of that squall.
I think you should just
call it in. Over.
By the time anyone reaches location,
it won't be a rescue.
It will be a recovery.
Over.
Let me know when you intercept.
I'll lock you in on the GPS.
-Over.
-I will. Over.
[dramatic music]
[sail flaps]
Help us! Hola!
[Maria, in Spanish] Over here!
[Tomas, in English] Yes, yes.
-[Maria] Gracias!
-[Tomas] Gracias!
Hold tight! I'm gonna come right
up to you.
[clicking]
[boat motor revs]
[laughs] Yeah!
[thud]
Gracias. Uh... Gracias.
Oh... Uh!
Ah! Uh... Oh...
[gasps] Gracias.
[in Spanish] Thank you, lady! Thanks!
[footsteps]
[gasps] Gracias.
[in Spanish] Listen,
my brother is in the water
in a sunken boat. I need you
to go help him, please.
[Naomi] More slowly, please.
I don't understand.
[in English] Maria says her brother
is still down there.
The pipes, they fell on him.
Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
[in Spanish] I really am.
We had air.
-[in English] We had air. We breathe...
-There's an air pocket?
-Yes.
-Okay. I can dive.
[in Spanish] Really?
-Gracias.
[in English] He... He's stuck down there.
-It's only been three hours.
-Three hours?
In three hours it could have
drifted for miles.
No. No, no.
The wreckage we were hanging onto
-is still connected to the boat.
-Okay.
There's a line going
all the way down.
Any other survivors?
[shivering] I, I don't know. I... uh...
There were, uh, five crew
members and five passengers,
-including us.
-[Naomi] And what happened?
Something must have gone wrong
with the engine.
-There was an explosion.
-Explosion, explosion.
Sí, sí. Then we went
straight down.
Listen, the odds of anyone
surviving aren't good.
She shouldn't get her
hopes up, okay?
Sorry, I... I'm gonna get you
some warm clothes.
[in Spanish] Thank you very much.
Do you trust her? What did she say?
[in English] He's going to be okay.
Okay.
-[radio beeps]
-[Jackson] Serenity, come in. Over.
-Serenity, do you copy? Over.
-[GPS beeps, radio beeps]
-Do you copy? Over.
[GPS beeps]
[Maria] What are you doing?
[Naomi] I'm calling the
nearest coastguard.
I need to let them know
what's going on.
[in Spanish] No, no!
Not the radio, please!
[in English] We need to
follow protocol here.
No!
We are... refugiados.
Refugees.
Sí. Sí. Refugees.
We... we gave our money to people
on the boat.
In our country the gangs
and the cartels are in control.
They're ruthless.
If we're sent back there,
we will almost certainly be killed.
I'm so sorry. I just need help,
I don't know what to do.
[in Spanish] No, please.
[in English] But you said he's trapped.
Even with a crowbar,
-I may not manage this alone.
-I can help you.
I worked marine salvage.
I know how to dive.
Sí. Sí.
Please, you must hurry.
-He's my brother! My brother!
-I'm so sorry.
He's going to die.
I need help...
[in Spanish] Help me! Help me, please!
[in English] I promise you...
I'm gonna bring him back, okay?
-Okay.
-I promise you.
-Okay?
[sobbing]
[breathing through air tank]
Is your earpiece working?
Can you hear me?
Okay. Perfect.
[clank]
[splash]
[eerie music]
[breathing through air tank]
[bubbling]
[sinister music]
[Naomi] You okay?
[bubbling]
[breathing through air tank]
[rattling of metalwork]
[Naomi] Okay. That way. You go first.
-[dramatic music]
-[gasping]
[eerie music]
[sinister music]
[breathing through air tank]
[gasps]
[in Spanish] Hey! Hey! I'm here! Hey!
Please, help me! Help me!
Do you speak English?
[in English] Are you hurt?
Yeah. No, look, I can't move.
[gasps] Fucking boat!
I'm stuck and I can't breathe!
-I can't breathe.
-[hiss of oxygen]
This is gonna give you
some fresh air.
Oh... [gasps]
-Shallow breaths.
-[gasping]
Jose, I need to you stay calm.
I'm here with your friend.
We're gonna take you up.
Listen, I can't move this.
-We're gonna try with a crowbar.
-[breathing heavily]
-Promise, I'll be back.
-Okay.
I'm not gonna leave you.
[gasping]
[gas hissing]
[bubbling]
[gasps] Gracias,
gracias, gracias.
Hey, Tomas! Hey!
Hey! Tomas! Gracias.
[metalwork creaks]
[Jose] Yeah, yeah, yeah!
[in Spanish] More, more, more.
Sí... Ah! Uh!
Aah! Uh... [gasping]
Get out of there!
Go on, go on. Push harder.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
-[metalwork creaks and crashes]
[gasps of relief]
[in Spanish] Hey! Where did you go?
[gasping]
-[in English] Here, put this on.
-[deep breathing]
Just breathe calmly, okay?
-Stay calm.
-[breathing through air tank]
Okay.
Let's go.
[bubbling]
[breathing through air tank]
[Naomi] You okay? Yes?
Okay, let's go. You go first.
[breathing through air tank]
[sinister music]
[screaming]
Ah!
[shouting and panicking]
[breathing through air tank]
[Naomi] Do you see him? Do you see him?
Stay... Stay close.
No, no, no, no, no.
[sighs]
We're running out of air.
Okay, we go up.
[breathing through air tank]
[shouting]
Stay... Stay calm.
[breathing through air tank]
Can you see him?
[sinister music]
[breathing through air tank]
Okay? Okay. We go up.
[air expelled, bubbling]
-[crunch]
-[dramatic music]
[screaming]
No! Ugh...
[gasping]
Calm... Calm, okay?
Calm down, try to
breathe calmly.
[gulps]
We're gonna... We're gonna run
out of air.
[sinister music]
Jose, calm.
Okay, we're gonna go up.
[breathing through air tank]
[Naomi] We should go.
Okay, go up.
Try to stay close.
[breathing through air tank]
[air expelled, bubbling]
Let's go.
[splash]
Jose! Jose!
Jose!
[sobbing]
[grunts]
-Uh!
-Oh!
[gasping]
[Maria, in Spanish] Where's Tomas?
[gasps]
[in English] Oh, my God!
[splash]
Oh...
[Maria, gasping] Oh my God.
[sobbing]
[dramatic music]
Naomi, why aren't you moving?
[GPS beeps]
Maria, can you help me
out please?
Just put anything loose into the cabinets
and just lock the doors tight.
Okay.
But why?
There's a storm coming, you see?
Just carry on with this.
I need to call the authorities.
[footsteps]
-[radio beeps]
-This is Serenity, come in. Over.
[man] Serenity, this is
Grenada Coastguard. Over.
Hey...
I'm currently, er... Lat 14.7214
Long... 62...
-[gasps] What the fuck?
-[receiver smashes]
-[gun clicks]
-[gasps]
No radio. Understand?
[Maria] Jose!
Put your gun down! Now!
[sighs]
Hmm.
[sinister music]
Look Naomi, our boat was
carrying valuable product.
We need you to go back down
and bring it up.
200 kilos of cocaine.
So, this is how you are
going to do it.
Our product is stored
in the front hold.
You are going to transfer it
into those mesh bags
and, um, inflate that thing
to bring it up
to the surface in one go.
Then you are going to take us
to the Florida Keys
in your lovely yacht and, um,
after that we part company.
[gasps]
You'll kill me
as soon as you get your drugs back.
No, no, no.
We have no idea how to sail a boat.
We need you.
There is a shark down there.
I know.
And I've already done a deep dive.
I cannot do this on my own.
It is impossible. [sighs]
[Maria] Jose will help you.
He knows how to dive.
Mmm.
[Jose] So, you wanna die now...
or you wanna take your chance
with the shark?
[sniffs]
[Jose] Go and get me a wetsuit.
[Naomi whimpers]
-Now!
-[Naomi whimpers]
[in Spanish] Come on! Get a move on!
-[door opens]
-[footsteps]
[in English] No. You stay in there.
[door slams]
Let's get changed.
[thud]
[case opens]
-[beeping on radio]
-Come on! Come on!
-[radio beeps]
[radio static]
[radio beeps, static]
[cellphone buzzes]
Hello? Hello? Naomi?
-Naomi?
-Jack...
[in Spanish] You bitch!
-[Maria] Jose!
-[Jose] Yeah!
[in Spanish] Jose! She's on her phone.
-[door thuds]
-[Jackson] Naomi!
-[grunts]
-[in English] Speak to me!
-[gasps]
-What's happening?
[in Spanish] You fucking bitch!
Naomi...
Naomi!
Stop!
We're gonna need that
when we get to the US. Stop!
Hey, Jose!
Put on your diving gear.
You're both going down now!
Barny, we need to go.
Where are we going?
[strapping helmet]
-Where are we going?
-Hold on tight!
[bike engine starts and revs]
[up-tempo music]
[splash]
Jose, remember 20 minutes
and it's dark, okay?
[in Spanish] I know. I know, all right?
-[in English] You stay close to me.
-[splash]
-[Jose] I know where we're going.
[water laps boat]
[sinister music]
[movement of water]
[breathing through air tank,
bubbling]
[breathing through air tank]
[metalwork clanks]
[frantic breathing]
[Naomi] Fuck's sake!
[breathing through air tank,
bubbling]
[sinister music]
[soft waves lap boat]
[motorcycle engine roars]
She was frantic when she called.
There was definitely someone else
on the boat. She's been in the same place
-for way too long.
-But she just called.
She's alive. This is good.
Just call her back.
The phone is dead. No answer.
Sometimes these satellite phones
are not very reliable.
Especially in this weather.
No, it's not that!
Something is wrong, I know it.
-What do you want me to do?
-Send a search team now!
Naomi's in trouble. Please!
Young man, based on what?
She isn't missing. You just spoke to her.
She called because
she's in distress!
And you tell me the reason she stopped
was because she saw survivors?
-floating on debris?
-Yes!
There has been no alerts
for or from any ships in the area.
-[bangs desk]
-You need to do something!
[second officer] Everything okay?
I have a few colleagues
in the surrounding islands.
I can make a few phone calls
but that's the best I can do.
Until she's been missing
for more than 24 hours,
I cannot make any kind of
distress classification.
I am sorry, my hands are tied!
Twenty-four hours? Twenty-four hours?!
[motorbike engine revs]
[bubbling]
[sinister music]
[hissing]
[breathing through air tank]
[frenetic music]
[screaming]
[panicked breathing
and whimpering]
[whimpering]
[labored breathing through air tank]
[sobbing]
[squeaking]
[splash]
[Maria] Jose! Jose!
Jose, where are the bricks?
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
[dramatic music]
[screaming]
[clunk of metal grinding]
[gasping]
Argh!
Come on!
[grunting with effort]
[panicked breathing]
[groaning]
[gasping]
What happened to the bags?
-[thud]
-Fuck's sake!
What do you mean what happened
to the bags?
Where are the
fucking bags?
On the trawler deck.
The shark bit into the bags
and now the shark is probably
high on cocaine.
We go back down
right now. Vamos!
-Forget it. I'm done.
-No, no, no.
Nothing is done till I say it is done!
You get it?
[Naomi] You were underwater
for way too long
and I can only do two dives
at that depth.
I know you don't give a fuck
about me, but you won't survive.
Okay, she's right.
And we need her
to take us to the Keys.
I don't care about
the fucking Keys!
Wait, well I've made
my decision!
You two go back down tomorrow
in the morning.
The crew on your boat.
They were shot.
Well, um, it happens
in our business.
They got greedy, you know?
They wanted our drugs.
So Tomas and Jose
had to deal with them.
The explosion didn't happen
in the engine room.
[scoffs] What kind of an idiot
brings grenades onto a boat?
[Jose] Yeah.
[in Spanish] A fucking dead idiot.
[in English] I need to raise the anchor.
-[Maria] Why?
-[Jose] Why?
‘Cause you cannot be anchored
in a storm.
No! We're not going to fall into
one of your tricks again!
A swell can breach the deck
and the boat will
fill with water!
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. No!
[Jose] We're already tied
up onto that stuff.
The boat stays right here,
next to the trawler.
Do you understand?
Exactly. The boat
stays right here.
[sinister music]
[motorcycle engine revs]
[high tempo music]
[knocking on door]
-[woman] What do you want?
-I need to see your husband.
You're gonna have to wait.
He's busy with a potential client.
-It can't wait, it's important.
-No way.
-Come back later.
-I'll be quick. Wait here.
Jack!
We will fly to the South side.
This coast is especially lovely
this time of the year.
-[footsteps]
-That's good.
Hey, my friend!
This is Jackson Taylor,
co-owner and operator of the best
sailing yacht in the Caribbean.
Hi. Can I have a word please?
Yes, sure, of course.
Please, sit down.
I want you to watch this video
and picture yourself flying
over the majestic paradise,
while I attend to Mr. Taylor.
Just a moment, yeah?
Jack, I hope this is important. I haven't
had a charter for over two weeks.
Naomi was on her way back here.
She came across a wreckage and survivors
in the sea west of Martinique.
There's a squall heading that way as well.
Something's wrong.
Serenity's been in the same
spot for a very long time.
She's not responding
to her radio.
This isn't like her.
-When did you last hear from Naomi?
-This afternoon.
Have you spoke
to authorities?
They said it was too soon
to report her missing.
Maybe they're right.
I can think of a hundred excuses why Naomi
wouldn't call back.
She's one of the best sailors
in the Caribbean.
I need you to take me her.
-I'm sure she's fine.
-She's not.
I can feel it.
I need your help,
Diddle Bay. Please.
Okay. I'll take you there,
but even though I'm saying yes now,
that storm's on its way.
It's suicide to go there now.
We have to wait until morning.
I-- I can't wait that long.
There's no faster way of getting there.
Not unless you get your hands on
the fastest boat in Grenada.
[up-tempo music]
Barny... I need you
to give Diddle Bay
Serenity's last coordinates
and in the morning,
you take a flight with him
to look for Naomi.
What you gonna do?
Gonna catch me a marlin.
Good luck.
[motorcycle engine
revs and roars]
[up-tempo music]
[motorcycle engine revs]
[pneumatic hiss]
[clicking]
[hatch opens]
[boat motor revs]
[storm rages]
[thunder and heavy rain]
[Maria] She is asleep.
Ah.
How many kilos did we lose?
[in Spanish] I don't know. I didn't see.
[in English] Anything that is missing
is going to come
out of our pockets.
[in Spanish] You get that, right?
[in English] I don't... Maria, hey,
it happens all the time.
People lose loads.
I mean, it wasn't our fault, no?
Do you wanna say that
to el jefe? Hey?
Seriously, you could also explain him
that you decided to hire
a new crew, huh?
Who wanted to take
all the money from us.
[in Spanish] Okay, okay, okay,
all right... [in English] My mistake.
My fucking mistake, okay?
[in Spanish] I know!
[in English] We need to get out of this
line of business.
[in Spanish] Mm-hmm. How?
[in English] I want to set up my own
distribution business.
Ah... In America, huh?
Yeah, well, I thought
I had saved enough money
to get it off the ground
but then this shit happened...
because of you.
Maria...
maybe this is our golden opportunity.
[in Spanish] What the fuck
are you talking about?
Maria, look.
We pick up the drugs,
we bring them to Florida, we sell them.
[in English] Bang! We have a new business!
[in Spanish] You're an idiot.
[in English] They know who we are!
They know who our families are!
No, no, no, no, no, no. Maybe...
Maybe they're gonna think
I don't know, we...
We're lost... we... we dead!
We're dead in the sea!
[gasps] Do you really think
they're going to forget
about the one million dollars'
worth of their cocaine?
They will find out!
We will be looking
over our shoulders
for the rest of our lives.
No, Maria, we already are.
[storm rages]
[waves hitting boat]
No... Papa... [crying] Papa!
[storm rages]
Come... Come back!
No! [whispers] No, no, no...
-[moaning]
-[storm rages]
No! No!
-[wind gusts]
-[waves crash]
Are you okay?
[panting]
Let go, I have to go back.
I have to, darling.
I have to get your mother
to safety too.
[gasps]
I'll be back very soon.
I promise.
[wind howls]
Papa! Papa!
Papa!
[Jose] Wake up!
Get up.
Come on!
We've got company.
[boat motor hums]
Who is that?
Who did you talk to?
Nobody. I didn't speak
to anybody.
Seriously?
I couldn't get signal.
Jose, as soon as the boat
is in range... just shoot him.
No! Wait...
So you do know who he is.
[sinister music]
It's my boyfriend.
He has me logged on his GPS.
We've been here for 24 hours,
he might have thought I'm in trouble.
Your boyfriend drove
through the night
because he thought you
might be in trouble.
He must be very much in love
with you and you with him.
So this is the way
it's going to go.
If you want to live
happily ever after,
you will do exactly as I say.
Now wave.
And smile.
[boat motor hums]
Jose... wave.
[boat engine cuts out]
What is going on?
-Why didn't you ring?
-I'm so sorry...
What if something
happened to you?
[gun clicks]
[sinister music]
[Jackson] What is this?
Um, your friend Naomi
saved our lives
and we are very
grateful for that.
Now she's helping us retrieve our product
from our boat that sank.
Product?
And once this is over,
you two will take us
to the Florida Keys.
It's deep. I already did
two dives yesterday.
There's sharks
in the water, Jack.
One of them killed
their partner.
-[Jackson] I'll dive.
-No, you won't.
-No, hold on. I...
-[Maria] No!
-[in Spanish] Don't move, asshole!
-[in English] You will stay here with me.
And any funny business
from you and he gets it.
[oxygen hisses]
[grunts]
[Maria] Come on! Hurry up, huh?
[splash]
That was very nice of you
to come all this way
to help your girlfriend.
I didn't help much, did I?
Why did you tell Naomi you needed her
to help you get to Florida?
I saw you tie that knot.
You know how to sail, don't you?
Jackson, hope is
a great motivator.
Why on earth would she go down,
with a shark in the water,
if she didn't think she was
having a chance to survive?
Huh?
-What about your brother?
-[laughs]
Are you planning on
killing him too?
[laughs] My brother...
Right now he's
a useful idiot.
I mean, Naomi's down there
saving your lives.
He's saving a few
bricks of cocaine.
I don't think that makes
him the smart one.
[eerie music]
[breathing through air tank]
[sinister music]
[grunting]
[thud]
[bubbling]
[poignant music]
[clunk]
[heartbeat]
[unzipping]
Papa! I thought you were gone.
I'm always going to be
with you, Naomi.
You should know that.
Your mother and I are
so proud of you.
You can't give up now,
not after everything
you've been through.
But I don't know what to do.
You'll figure it out.
You always do.
Please, don't leave me.
Like I said,
I will always be with you.
No, no!
Father!
-[bubbling]
-[gasping]
[gasping]
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
[sinister music]
Maria! Woo!
[in Spanish] I got it!
Jose! Jose! Come on, move.
I got all of it!
Goddammit!
[splashing]
[grunts]
Yes!
[sinister music]
[in English] Following the bubbles.
Dinner time.
[bubbling]
Woo!
[upbeat, dramatic music]
[splash]
Oh... Oh... Hey?
[bubbling]
Huh... Hey?
-[water splashing]
-Huh... Hey?
[panicked gasping]
Hey!
[in Spanish] Hey... Watch out!
Jose! A shark! Go faster!
Jose, get out of the water!
Oh...
Jose! Jose, look out!
-Oh...
-[Maria shouting]
[sinister music]
[splash]
Whoa!
No!
[large splash]
Aargh!
[screaming]
No! Ah!
Argh!
No! Oh...
[Maria] No!
-[large splash]
[Maria] Jose!
Oh, Jose!
Naomi! [grunting]
[crying] No!
[Naomi, in English] Jack, look out!
She's got a gun!
-[in Spanish] Naomi, you fucking bitch!
-[gunshots]
-[Jackson grunts]
[splash]
[in English] Naomi, swim!
[sinister music]
Come with me... Come here.
[gasping]
I've got you, I've got you.
[helicopter blades and engine]
Serenity... Do you copy?
Naomi, come in. Please come in.
Naomi, please respond.
Come in Serenity.
Serenity, do you copy?
[helicopter blades and engine]
There!
[Jackson] We're all good
down here guys.
I see you, thank you.
We're coming home now.
[peaceful music]
My father was with me down there.
But it wasn't my usual nightmare.
[Naomi] I was knocked unconscious.
I woke up at the bottom
of a deep dark hole.
I didn't see any way out.
It was easier to just give up.
That's when he came back to me.
He told me that he would always
be there for me.
I know it was just a dream.
What he said was true.
All through my life he inspired me
and this time was no different.
I am so proud of you.
He made me want
to get out of there,
to keep going, to keep...
to keep living.
[Jackson] I'm so glad he did.
[Naomi] After that, the tragedy,
the trauma
that has haunted me and kept me
awake at night,
I feel like I can finally
put it behind me.
He gave me the courage to go on...
With you.
Is that a proposal?
As close as it's gonna get.
[romantic music]
I love you.
I love you too.
Let's go home.
Please.
I'll start her up.
[sighs]
[dramatic music]
[choking]
-This is for Jose!
-[choking]
[in Spanish] Fucking bitch!
[coughing]
[Naomi] Jack!
[choking]
Jack!
[thud]
[in English] Get off her!
-[flare fires, then hisses]
-[gasping]
[splash]
[flare hisses]
[sobbing]
It's okay.
[dramatic music]
["Calling Your Name" by Hybrid plays]
♪ I hear a breath of wind
A whisper, a voice ♪
♪ Just like a memory I've heard before ♪
♪ It fails and it flickers like a flame ♪
♪ But then it steals my breath ♪
♪ Calls out your name ♪
♪ Your name ♪
♪ There's something so familiar
rising up in me ♪
♪ A beautiful memory I cannot believe ♪
♪ I'm hearing an echo on the breeze ♪
♪ I'm listening to a whisper
Butterfly's wings ♪
♪ A faraway whisper awaken my heart ♪
♪ Safe in your hiding place
Burn in the dark ♪
♪ It fails and it flickers
But it won't fade ♪
♪ On the wings of a butterfly ♪
♪ I hear your name ♪
♪ Your name ♪
♪ There's something so familiar
Rising up in me ♪
♪ A beautiful memory
That I cannot believe ♪
♪ I'm hearing an echo on the breeze ♪
♪ I'm listening to a whisper ♪
♪ Butterfly's wings ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ There's something so familiar
Rising up in me ♪
♪ A beautiful memory
That I cannot believe ♪
♪ I'm hearing an echo on the breeze ♪
♪ I'm listening to a whisper ♪
♪ Butterfly's wings ♪